Pd 391 user feedback tutorial (#2014)
truenas/documentation: content/Contributing/IssueReporting/Prerelease User Feedback.md

---
title: "Submitting Prerelease User Feedback"
description: "How to submit feedback for individual pages in prerelease versions of TrueNAS software."
weight: 15
tags:
- corecontributing
- scalecontributing
- coreissues
- scaleissues
- scalesupport
---

TrueNAS SCALE welcomes community feedback!

> To encourage general user experience reporting, prerelease versions of TrueNAS SCALE include the **How would you rate this page?** ![FeedbackIcon](/images/SCALE/23.10/FeedbackIcon.png "Feedback Icon") icon.

Reviewer: We can change pre-release to early release versions
```suggestion
To encourage general user experience reporting, pre-release versions of TrueNAS SCALE include the **How would you rate this page?** ![FeedbackIcon](/images/SCALE/23.10/FeedbackIcon.png "Feedback Icon") icon.
```

Some screens undergoing revision also include a **NEW** badge and **Leave Feedback** link in the header.

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/23.10/NewLeaveFeedback.png" alt="NEW Badge and Leave Feedback Link" id="1: NEW Badge and Leave Feedback Link" >}}

> Click either the ![FeedbackIcon](/images/SCALE/23.10/FeedbackIcon.png "Feedback Icon") icon or **Leave Feedback** link to open a feedback widget that allows you to rate the web UI screen and leave comments.

Reviewer: Widget is not correct, this is a window. Widgets apply to the system cards found on dashboards.
```suggestion
Click either the ![FeedbackIcon](/images/SCALE/23.10/FeedbackIcon.png "Feedback Icon") icon or **Leave Feedback** link to open a feedback window that allows you to rate the web UI screen and leave comments.
```
